Translation corrections + inconsistency fix (#461)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_013.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#5ec69a>魅音</color>", NULL, "<color=#5ec69a>Mion</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 3, "ps3/s14/03/210300646", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「い、いや…」",

> 			NULL, "\"N-nothing...\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"I-it's nothing...\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Oh? Did I offend you?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 6, "ps3/s14/06/210600430", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　次期頭首ともあろうお方が、動揺丸出しですよ？」",

> 			NULL, " The future family head is looking quiet shaken up.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " The future family head is looking quite shaken up.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r詩音は不愉快そうにそう言うと、すたすたと歩き去っていってしまう。その背中を見送りながら、俺は魅音を席に座らせた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "詩音は不愉快そうにそう言うと、すたすたと歩き去っていってしまう。その背中を見送りながら、俺は魅音を席に座らせた。",

> 			NULL, "After that unpleasant remark, Shion walked away. Then after seeing her off, I put Mion back in her seat.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "After that unpleasant remark, Shion walked away. Then after seeing her off, I urged Mion back to her seat.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#5ec69a>魅音</color>", NULL, "<color=#5ec69a>Mion</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 3, "ps3/s14/03/210300693", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「情けないなぁ…。",

> 			NULL, "\"How shameful I am...", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"How shameful of me...", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 3, "ps3/s14/03/210300694", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "いまさら、こんな形でやっと気づくなんて…。",

> 			NULL, " For only now realizing it...", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " To only realize it now...", Line_WaitForInput);
```
